README: add rust version comment (#903)
istio/ztunnel: README.md

## Building

> Please use the same Rust version as the below command output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use the same Rust version as the [`build-tools`](https://github.com/istio/tools/tree/master/docker/build-tools) image - you can determine this by running the below command:
```

## Building

> Please use Rust 1.70+.

Reviewer 2: Can we have a single source of truth here? `Cargo.toml` has a `rust-version` field already. Probably its out of date, though

Reviewer: My preference here (and what I do internally) is to say

"please use the Rust version that ships with the repo's `build-tools` image"

We can automate running build-tools and dump the `rustc` version to console with a make target if we wanna get fancy.

Author: I miss it, let me update doc, thanks.
